Update docs to new structure (#13039)
JabRef/jabref: docs/code-howtos/bibtex.md

The main class to handle a single BibTeX entry is `org.jabref.model.entry.BibEntry`.
The content of a `.bib` file is handled in `org.jabref.model.database.BibDatabase`.

> Things not being BibTeX entries, but required for handling are stored in `org.jabref.model.database.BibDatabaseContext`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BibTeX contents (as in the `BibDatabase`) along with some metadata required for handling are stored in `org.jabref.model.database.BibDatabaseContext`.
```
